Add configurable env variable supported version information (#9531)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/development-tutorials/configurability/provide-values-to-configurable-variables.md

## Provide via environment variables

> >**Note** This feature is introduced with Ballerina Swan Lake 2201.9.0. If you are using an older version, please consider [providing TOML content via ennvironment variable](#provide-via-environment-variables-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note** This feature was introduced with Ballerina Swan Lake Update 9 (2201.9.0). If you are using an older version, please consider [providing TOML content via environment variables](#provide-via-environment-variables-1).
```

> >**Note** This feature was introduced with Ballerina Swan Lake Update 9 (2201.9.0). If you are using an older version, please consider [providing TOML content via environment variables](#provide-via-environment-variables-1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note** This feature was introduced with Ballerina Swan Lake Update 9 (2201.9.0). If you are using an older version, consider [providing TOML content via environment variables](#provide-via-environment-variables-1).
```
